W-22203669 feat: add --all flag to agent preview end (#406)
salesforcecli/plugin-agent: messages/agent.preview.end.md

The original "agent preview start" command outputs a session ID which you then use with the --session-id flag of this command to end the session. You don't have to specify the --session-id flag if an agent has only one active preview session. You must also use either the --authoring-bundle or --api-name flag to specify the API name of the authoring bundle or the published agent, respecitvely. To find either API name, navigate to your package directory in your DX project. The API name of an authoring bundle is the same as its directory name under the "aiAuthoringBundles" metadata directory. Similarly, the published agent's API name is the same as its directory name under the "Bots" metadata directory.

> Use the --all flag to end all active preview sessions at once. You can combine --all with --api-name or --authoring-bundle to end only sessions for a specific agent, or use --all alone to end every session across all agents in the project.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use the --all flag to end all active preview sessions at once. You can combine --all with --api-name or --authoring-bundle to end only sessions for a specific agent, or use --all on its own to end every session across all agents in the project.
```

API name of the authoring bundle metadata component that contains the agent's Agent Script file.

# flags.all.summary

End all active preview sessions. If combined with --api-name or --authoring-bundle, only sessions for that agent are ended.

# flags.no-prompt.summary

> Don't prompt for confirmation before ending sessions. Only has an effect when used with --all.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Don't prompt for confirmation before ending sessions. Has an effect only when used with --all.
```
